README.md, before:

# Diskuv OCaml Starter

*Diskuv OCaml* is an OCaml distribution focused on a) secure, cross-platform software development and b) ease of use for language learners and professional developers.

**Documentation is available at https://diskuv.gitlab.io/diskuv-ocaml/**

![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/diskuv?style=social)

## Licensing

The subdirectories named `diskuv-ocaml`, in particular `vendor/diskuv-ocaml/`, have the
[diskuv-ocaml Fair Source license](https://gitlab.com/diskuv/diskuv-ocaml/-/raw/main/LICENSE.txt).
`diskuv-ocaml` is the core package for the *Diskuv OCaml* distribution, is **free for personal use**,
and can have limited commercial use for up to 5 developers; it also has **broad exceptions for OCaml package maintainers**.
Fair Source licenses are neither open-source nor closed-source and are described in more detail at https://fair.io/.

The remainder of `diskuv-ocaml-starter` is open-source and licensed liberally under the [Apache v2.0 LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

License questions can be directed to support@diskuv.com.

Commit message:

Clarify license for school students

README.md, after:

# Diskuv OCaml Starter

*Diskuv OCaml* is an OCaml distribution focused on a) secure, cross-platform software development and b) ease of use for language learners and professional developers.

**Documentation is available at https://diskuv.gitlab.io/diskuv-ocaml/**

![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/diskuv?style=social)

## Licensing

The subdirectories named `diskuv-ocaml`, in particular `vendor/diskuv-ocaml/`, have the
[diskuv-ocaml Fair Source license](https://gitlab.com/diskuv/diskuv-ocaml/-/raw/main/LICENSE.txt).
`diskuv-ocaml` is the core package for the *Diskuv OCaml* distribution, is **free for personal use**,
and can have limited commercial use for up to 5 developers; it also has **broad exceptions for OCaml package maintainers**.
Fair Source licenses are neither open-source nor closed-source and are described in more detail at https://fair.io/.

School teachers and college professors may redistribute the *Diskuv OCaml* distribution to their students under the
[diskuv-ocaml LICENSE](https://gitlab.com/diskuv/diskuv-ocaml/-/raw/main/LICENSE.txt); each student is covered for **free personal use**.

The remainder of `diskuv-ocaml-starter` is open-source and licensed liberally under the [Apache v2.0 LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

License questions can be directed to support@diskuv.com.
